DM-26658: Re-implement the Formatter class (#1018)
lsst/daf_butler: doc/lsst.daf.butler/formatters.rst

==========

Formatters are responsible for serializing a Python type to a storage system and for reconstructing the Python type from the serialized form.
A formatter author should define their formatter as a subclass of `FormatterV2`.

Reading a Dataset
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

A datastore knows which formatter was used to write or ingest a dataset.
There are three methods a formatter author can implement in order to read a Python type from a file:

``read_from_local_file``

>     The ``read_from_local_file`` method guarantees to pass in a local file resource.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The ``read_from_local_file`` method is guaranteed to be to passed a local file resource.
```
